
Alicia Monterey: 	::the headlights cut through the dark Mississippi night as the rented mini van rolls down the highway.  an occassional look to Havoc is given, a knowing smile
etched on her lips.  she glances over to the driver's door mirror, the reflection of Lynn's jeep bouncing off the shinny surface..:: (s)  JD . . . it was what . . another mile or two  up tha road where ye last got a scent from her?

HAVOC 5: 	::He moves to grab at the radio of the van, twisting the volume knob up considerably louder and just grooves a bit in his seat. Ali's blood coursing through his veins having a very weird affect on him tonight as he begins to blurt out the lyrics to whatever song is currently playing::

Jillian Craft: 	::Her head hangs out the window, blonde mane blown back from her face, her hands and arms hung outside as she smokes a cherry Swisher Sweet.::

S Dagenar: 	::he nods at Ali:: Yeah, 'bout one mile up from 'ere. ::does wince at the volume of the radio and Havoc - some people can hear ants walk, y'know - but he doesn't move to turn it back down. will just scare him later or soemthing::

Thea Ulric: 	::She kept praying silently that the old van didn't die on it's way. Glancing once over to Jill in the front seat and the trembling E in the back seat:: Save it till we find the bastard E. Then... Then it's worth the rage. ::E only snorted and looked out the window::

Alicia Monterey: 	(s) Tell me when ta slow down, mate. . . ::she slowed the pace of the rental down, the trail has lead them on the outskirts of Jackson . . . houses and tree dotted the landscape every now and again.   her hand reached out and touched lightly
on Havoc's thigh.:: (s)  Ye okay luv?  ::meanwhile, in Lynn's jeep - they had a titillating conversation with Talon. poor Lynn.:: 

HAVOC 5: 	::Just continues to move and groove within the seat of the van, his gaze shifting back to her with a widened grin:: I'm absolutely wonderful baby. ::He begins to roll down his window for no apparent reason::

Jillian Craft: 	::Her head comes back in the window and gazes between Thea, E and out the windshield up to the van, her hand still hung outside gripping the slim cigar.:: Could someone tell me wha' th' hell we brought along Mista Dance Feva up there an' the
resta th' men? When did we start lettin' men inta our pack?

S Dagenar: 	S'e on drugs? ::just has to ask the question. what sane person wants to be deaf - although, he's not a good judge of volume level anymore - or roll down the window on a hot night when the AC is going? a sane person on some heavy drugs. growls and points past Ali's head:: Up there.

Thea Ulric: 	::She snorted to Jill:: I told Ali before, I'll tell you now. A man joins our pack, I'll kill 'em. Or be killed. This pack is too sacred for male blood. ::Glancing back:: I think we're almost there E... Just keep it together for a while
longer? ::E muttering something along the lines of tight ass bitch in Thea's direction::

Alicia Monterey: 	(s)  Sorta JD, sorta.  :: she slows the rental van down, angeling off the road in the direction of JDs pointing finger.  the jeep behind her follows suit.  the breaks squeek to a halt and dust settles in the headlights for the briefest moment before they click off:: 

HAVOC 5: 	::He leans over in his seat to peer at JD, pointing a single finger to himself in gesture:: Hey man, I ain't high - I'm high on life! Plus, I just got some ass before this  little car ride, so - can't a guy be happy? ::Laughter escapes as he then moves to climb out of the passenger seat and onto the pavement or whatever their on::

Jillian Craft: 	::Whenever Thea called Eppie 'E', she always thought of Elvis, not Epsilon. Either way, she was not the scary woman's biggest fan.:: Ana male joins th'
pack an' Ali's gonna be short a pack. ::She climbed out just in time to hear Havoc advertising his booty call.:: Ya pig. 

S Dagenar: 	::for a moment he just blinks with the door half open before spilling out the door himself. far, far too calmly:: So, Ali, assumin' Mr. Ass there is talkin'
'bout ya, ya migh' wanna refrain from lettin' 'im sink 'is teeth in ya. If nah', whack th' other part off. ::with that, he takes a deep breath of the air, righting himself, then follows Beth's scent, uh, thatta way::

Thea Ulric: 	(m)I sware.. They so much as kiss once... ::Gritting teeth as she slows the van with a sicking hickup-gag-shudder-cough-die. (That's the sound of her
car parking. Ehe):: Ready ladies? ::Looking between the two of them. E has her fists nice and clenched, mutters something like 'fridgid prude'. Thea doesn't catch it::

Alicia Monterey: 	::she blinks a few times, from both the shock of Havoc's so flippant words then from the not so veild  threat from JD.  she starts to argue . . then decides against it.  She slips from the drivers side door, a nod is given to the approaching Lynn and Talon as the two make their way from the jeep. :: 

HAVOC 5: 	::His glances moves from JD over to Jill as she steps forth from the car. Here it comes, the obnoxious, arrogant side of our wonderful Havy that no one hardly
ever sees. Blue pools widen slightly as his grin broadens:: Daaamn! Don't you look mighty hot tonight. 

Jillian Craft: 	::She blinks a little and frowns toward Elvis.:: Watcher tongue, miss. ::And turns back, making a disgusted face at Havoc and punching him square in the mouth once he's close enough before stepping over him and walking toward Ali.:: Control yer mutt, will ya, luv?

S Dagenar: 	(m) 'E ain' a mutt. Tha's 'is prollem. ::he pauses and reaches back to tap Ali on the shoulder:: Alicia, Ah won' question yer life, but yer blood isn' th' bes thin' for 'im. S'a better 'igh than acid, Ah'm told. ::it wouldn't be prudent to ask
who told him. hrm. 'my personal dealer, Kitten'. -yeah-::

Thea Ulric: 	::She herself climbed from the van. Following around to Ali. Not
even a flinch at the punch. Something she wouldn't have minded doing herself:: (Ali)>>Maybe I'm nuts... But are you sure a full moon was the best time to do this?<< ::Yes, even her mental speach sounded through clenched teeth::

Thea Ulric: 	::Erm, E follows being scary and slutty and all that;:

Alicia Monterey: 	(s)  Fuck . . . :: a quick nod is given to JD at his advice.  she might have known this before if she had been able to stay conscious after the times he had feed from her in the past.  but alas she hadn't  and now, it appeared as if Jill
had gone and picked a fight with Havoc.  Geez people - why can't everyone Ali cares about just get along ? Eh?  she steps over to Havoc and offers her hand to help him up.:: (s) Gotta be quicker than that if yer going ta hang with tha wolves on a full moon, mate. ::looks up to the Lawmaker.:: (Thea) >> Aye . . . I canna have her going horus in a rage and now it tha most likely time she'll do it if her body is able.  << 

Alicia Monterey: 	::talon and Lynn talk, talon snickers at havoc and calls him a sissy.:: 

HAVOC 5: 	::Once getting to his feet, his eyes narrow upon Jill, leaning foreward to place a quick kiss to her lips before shifting back away, not wanting to get hit again:: (s) Ooo, harder baby. ::Just continues to chuckle, finally taking a look over the place - almost completely forgotten why he was here::

Jillian Craft: 	::Her temper isn't upset in the least, she just felt Havoc deserved to get popped in the chops for his blantant disregard for Alicia. After the kiss, spits at his feet and drags the back of her hand over her mouth.:: Just a suggestion. Breath mints	Try them. She sees JD then and her frown returns. What the hell was she the pack tracker for if Ali had JD?::

HAVOC 5: 	::... got dissed, yep, there goes the ego <g>::

S Dagenar: 	'Ow 'bout tooth extraction? ::rolls his eyes and resumes walking. notes JD isn't the only outside tracker, Talon, 'member?:: Alicia, leashes do wonders.

Thea Ulric: 	::Lawmaker... Babysitter more like it:: (Ali)>>If she goes horus.. I'll try and keep her busy till you guys find Beth. That's more important<< ::Then my
personal neck. Ugh::

Thea Ulric: 	::Eppie just -had- to grin watching man meat dropped on his ass.
Clenches fists and wonders if it'll be her turn next::

Alicia Monterey: 	Alright . . . everybody just calm tha hell down.  ::her gaze going more towards Havoc and Jill, then branched out to the others  - well - not JD his status was of a higher Alpha than she was.  Older and wiser with an experienced pack beneath
him.::   Look   JD?  Talon?  Can ye get us about halfway out.  We can carry tha med
supplies I brought and set up a makeshift 'camp'.   Talon, Havoc and JD will stay back at tha camp -  we . . . ::nods to each woman in turn:: will go out and find her and get her back.  Got it? 

HAVOC 5: 	::His hands move to spread out before him in gesture

HAVOC 5: 	as he stays put although his smirk is still apparent:: I'm calm... and yea, we'll chill here and stuff. ::He moves to place his fingers to his lips and then point them toward E as he blows a kiss with a grin:: 

Jillian Craft: 	::Her mood could not be better, in fact. Her night with Vic had done wonders for her disposition, among other things. She simply nods at Ali, crossing long powerful arms over her chest. It took all her will not to tell Ali to keep her leech in his jar along with half a bottle of mouthwash, but all she wanted right now was to find Bethy.::

S Dagenar: 	Works for me. Can ya call if there's trouble where she is? ::he doesn't look around for a moment or three, mentally marking the direction:: An' where's th' stuff ya wan' carried? > ::yes, is now studiously ignoring the stoned vampire. he can follow or get lost in the woods until dawn. it's not JD's problem::

Thea Ulric: 	::E took a step right infront of the librarian before the women
could stop her:: Don't know why you bother with him Ali... Seen bigger peckers on fruit
flys! :;(Put her accent in there I can't type it) Thea half snarled, grabbing the pup by the sholder and spun her around bodily:: (s)I told you to save it... ::Sneering right in the scary lady's face:: (s)Don't forget who the enemy is. ::Pointing, without braking eye contact, to Havoc::(s)A single male mate is -not- worth it. ::By miracle or happy happenstance, E backed down... For now::

Alicia Monterey: 	:: watching first the kiss upon Jill hadn't been all that much of a thrill, watching the air kiss tossed in E's direction was worse.  Afterall, with Jill it had been just an attempt to goad her.  With E?  Well, after news had come to Alicia about Havoc and E's blowjob fling a few months back.  Well . .. with E it could be different. she merely shook her head in silent judgement before acknowlwedging the Beta's nod with one of her own.  with a look to JD, she moved towards the back of the van.  There was a jingle of keys and soon back was opened up revealing several boxes and a collection of smaller bags.::  Everybody grab something.   And JD . . . tha pack can talk ta one another over a large distance I can leave Lynn here with ye and if in case of help we can get ahold of ye through her.  ::it's about this time that E started shooting her mouth off and Thea began their confrontation.  she whistled shrilly, Talon winced and covered his ears. ::  (s)  I'm gonna start busting some fucking heads in a minute. 

HAVOC 5: 	::Snickers up to Thea:: (sm) Eh, bite me. ::He moves to the now opened trunk and proceeds to grab at a few of the bags. Somewhere - way deep within the back of his mind, he cringed. Not wanting to potray the way he was acting to these people at all, but Ali's blood coursing through him said differently. His mind reaches out to Jill's,
continuing his pestering half to piss her off, half because his sex drive was on high
tonight:: (Jill)>>(s) Eh, you know you want it<< 

Jillian Craft: 	::She frowned slightly, light brows furrowing at Elvis. >>(s) Ya best b'have yerself b'fore I git the newspap'r an' whack ya on th' snout with it.<< :;Her hand reaches out and takes Thea's, completely ignoring Havoc's third grade antics and
moving to the van to heft a couple bags onto her shoulders and help Thea with a large
pack.::

S Dagenar: 	::winces himself, almost jerking backwards from the whistle. teeth set, he waited until Havoc moved out of the way before picking up his share of the goods in the back:: (sm) Duct tape, Ali. Leashes. ::okay, so he wasn't completely ignoring Havoc::

Thea Ulric: 	::The librarian blinked from behind her glasses at the male:: (Ali)>>Leave him here. He's caused nothing but trouble and frankly I don't know how far my paitence goes. If I go, E will maybe Jill afterwards. It's a vicious cycle and it's not logical.<< ::Simple. Matter of fact But with very little room to argue. She would have gone on, but the little touch from Jill was enough to resettle her as she hefted her pack::

Alicia Monterey: 	::Lynn nods in agreement to staying with JD, Havoc and Talon.  if she knew better she might not so readily agree to be in the same small group at the two male wolves.  wasn't there there a heated hate there somewhere?  male wolves, eh - go figure..::  

Alicia Monterey: 	::Havoc, knows he's being ignored intentionally by Jill but eggs her on with a wink before moving from the van.  a little shake of his hips and he -glides- on out in the direction he'd seen JD point to before, if memory served him correctly that is.  And of couse, in his stoned sense of mind, it isn't.  So proceeds to wander off in the complete opposite direction.:: 

Alicia Monterey: 	::ali slams the back of the hatch down.  a snarl falling from her lips::  I swear ta God above . . . :: her words are mumbled more at JD, as she spies havoc meandering off.  she shakes her head and then turns to face her pack.::  Thea's
brought up a point - a good one at that.  I'm telling each and everyone of ye - ye start
shit that I dunna like - ye freak out cause ye get pissed off -  expect ta deal with me
tonight.  Got it? ::looks to each one of them. :: 

Jillian Craft: 	::She blinks, stepping back from the van with her own large pack after helping get Thea's onto her shoulders and steps to Ali, placing her hand gently on her
friend's shoulders.:: Calm down, Alicia. Breath with me. ::She inhales deeply through
her nose.:: In with th' good air. ::Exhales slowly through her mouth.:: Out with th' bad. C'mon...do it. In with th good..::Breaths in:: Out with th' bad.:: Exhales.:: No one is gonna start anathin'. Let's jus' find Betha an' I'll beat th' shit outta havoc lata. ::She smiles, that Craft grin Ali has not been able to resist since Jilly was 5.::

S Dagenar: 	::just...sighs at Havoc. he closes the steps between himself at the happy vampire. Grabbing his arm, he turns the man around:: This way, kid. ::nevermind Havoc could be older:: Ah'm 'eadin' off. Ya guys can stay an argue or follow. ::pushes Havoc
ahead of him and trots off, sniffing at the air::

Thea Ulric: 	::Her mind had wandered after Havoc. Wondering silently what he'd taste like snapped between her teeth. Ali's words drew her back from her happy little dream relm. Well of course she brouht up a good point. That was her job after all. She sighed and hitched E's arm:: We're ready Ali. Both of us. Right E? ::E normaly might have said something... But she wasn't real sure how much she wanted to get the snot kicked out of her by Ali::

Dr Beth Angel: 	::Setting the scene; It's a small road that leads back through the woods. The ground	undisturbed by people, or so it seems, The trees are thick though there are small patches of open ground. The Road is a simple two lane country road,
not well kept and possibly once was a privet road. The ground is covered in leaves and
an area of natural debris:: 

Alicia Monterey: 	::she had taken Jill's advice, breath in breath out.  Still though, her nerves were quite on edge at the moment.   Having a rabid bunch of PMSing female bitches bitching at one another wasn't helping in the least.  she moved alone, apart from the rest, her eyes darting back in forth into the surrounding tendrils of darkness.
her booted steps followed along behind JD and  Havoc's. :: 

HAVOC 5: 	::Get's pushed along by JD, a full smirk still curving his lips upwards as he amazingly stays quiet - for his own good. He may be rude, arrogant, and obnoxious tonight but he isn't stupid. His gaze also trails along the wooded surroundings::

Jillian Craft: 	::Her own steps begin with a sigh as she follows along a good fifty yards back and upwind as she pulls half a spliff and a fresh Swisher Sweet from the
pack, lighting the small cigar and masking the sweet scent of the spliff when she lights it, muttering softly to herself.::

Dr Beth Angel: 	::Two little eyes peer out of a shadow at Jill, blinking:: 

S Dagenar: 	::just follows the scent, lapsing into silence and occasionally directing Havoc with a nudge whenever he starts to veer off::

Thea Ulric: 	::What JD did for Havoc, Thea did for E. Pushing her in the approprite direction or else nudging her (gently) if she started to slow down too much. Attempting to keep the other woman calm by mentaly whispering things to calm her as the walk. Things like what they could do to Havoc when this was all over::

Alicia Monterey: 	::Talon and Lynn walked side by side. the quiet voices only occassionally heard over the troupes footsteps through the leaves and sticks underfoot.  Lynn wore a grim look on her face, but there would be an instant or two when she smiled
at some off the wall comment made by Talon. :: 

Dr Beth Angel: 	:: The small creatures have been caught by surprise. People don't come here often and to them this is like some kind of circus of people. They peer out from their dens and scurry across The peoples paths just to get a glimpse of what they are. The moon high over head gives  a dim almost romantic mood light, but it also lights up the small passages through the trees. Nature made passages but non the less a passage back up into the woods::

HAVOC 5: 	::One step out of the path and he is pushed back on track by JD:: (sm) Sorry... ::A glance is given back to Jill, tongue extending as he wiggles it in a suggestive manner before its retreat and he continues on walking::

Alicia Monterey: 	::she moves like liquid through the foliage,  a small clearing spotted just a dozen feet or so ahead.  not too small but certainly big enough to set up some sort of makeshift HQ.  not wanting to break the silence of the group, but still calling out softly enough to be heard.::  (JD)  Is this a good spot?  ::looks up, her icy pupils reflect the moons light shining down through a break in the trees.  :: (s)  Seems
about halfway. 

Jillian Craft: 	::Once the half a spliff is gone, she tucks the roach into her shirt pocket and pauses in her steps to crushes out the cigar on her boot sole and stomping out the still smoldering sparks. From her personal pack, she takes out a bottle of water, dumping a little over the spot just to be sure its out and then starts walking again, turning to toss Elvis and Thea a choclate fudge Snack pack and a plastic spoon,
opening her own and turning back to wander up beside Ali.::

S Dagenar: 	::he sniffs at the air for a long moment before nodding at Ali and grabbing Havoc. must not smack him, just stop him. fzt:: Yeah. We're close, Ah think. Strong scent. 

Jillian Craft: 	::Licks the lid of her Snack Pack and does SeeFood at Havoc behind Ali's back while waiting for Thea.::

HAVOC 5: 	::Laughter escapes as he moves to be beside Jill for a moment, nudging her gently:: (s) Gimme a taste.

Jillian Craft: 	::She scoops up a spoonful and sticks it in his mouth.::

HAVOC 5: 	::A grin is offered as well as a thumbs up in appreciation:: 'Dat's some good stuff.

Alicia Monterey: 	::will step over to Lynn, giving her instructions on what to do with the bags - what bags have what, what boxes contain this and that. ::  (s) Alright lasses . . . everyone grab one of tha small black bags each, and then start strippin down . . . ::peers to Havoc:: . . . . well out of his sight if ye please.  ::figures they all can figure out to go to wolf form from there.::

Jillian Craft: 	::Will take another from her pack along with a spoon and hand it to him.:: Now be nice ta me 

	
HAVOC 5: 	::The spoon is placed within his mouth for another taste, both brows raising to Ali in question:: Don't I get ta strip?

Jillian Craft: 	::The large pack is slipped off her shoulders as her smaller one is set down, a black bag picked up as she moves past the pile and sighs, going into the nearby bushes.:: It's nea lik he's neva seen me nekkid, 'Licia.

Alicia Monterey: 	::was more thinking of E, but wont' say it.:: 

Jillian Craft: 	::As she strips:: What's in th' bags?

S Dagenar: 	No. Ya get ta siddown with me, 'im, an' 'er. Clothed. ::duly points at Talon and Lynn, and goes ahead and pushes Havoc down. just end the discussion. yeah::

Thea Ulric: 	::Comes back from la la land. Blinks:: Ali.... Stripping? I.. No.

HAVOC 5: 	::Gets shoved down with a sneer but stays put:: (s) This sucks...

Jillian Craft: 	##Wolf## ::From the bushes noses a large wolf, it's fur the same sun
blasted blonde as her human hair the animal moving to sit beside Ali's feet with the black bag in her teeth.::

Alicia Monterey: 	Yes. . . ::and with that she begins to undress, isn't going to hide her body from havoc or even JD or Talon - it's a wolf thing.  but knows that Thea will go off in the woods like a good girl and change. smiles to thea this 'don't fuck with me grin' and then #wolf form#:: 

S Dagenar: 	No, you suck, 'Avoc. Tha's th' difference. ::heh. blame the full moon::

Thea Ulric: 	::Turns -bright- red as Ali starts stripping and bee lines for the trees. E, stripping down happly where anyone can see::

HAVOC 5: 	(s) Naw man, I don't suck... ask Ali. ::The sly smile returns and nods slowly to compliment his words and then watches the little strip show before him::

Jillian Craft: 	::Her snout rises, snifflinf at the air. She can smell Beth. Smell her like she was standing in the clearing with them.::(Ali)>>I kin smell her, lass.<<

Alicia Monterey: 	::oh isn't pleased E didn't move off in the woods to do that, so will send a warning growl over to the pup.::

Dr Beth Angel: 	:: The rays of the moon glimmer through the leaves of the trees, the trail is leading up and	then twisting back toward the road. Meeting up with another
parting of trees from thr road and then winding back up and away from everything. A few feet of a clearing and then the trail picks up again heading back. The clearing about large enough to park a two ton truck  and a small car side by side, but nothing more. No signs of anything but a few squirrels unless a closer looks is taken::

HAVOC 5: 	::Continues to sit beside JD, knee's brought to his chest and rests his chin
upon him. Calming down for the time being as his gaze is casted elsewhere along with his mind::

Jillian Craft: 	::She has no idea what the black bag is for, but none the less, carries it in her teeth and out onto the path, snout to the dirt and sniffling like
mad.:: (Ali)>>C'mon! I got her scent! She's not far!<<

S Dagenar: 	::ignores Havoc for the moment, settling in and tuning mostly out for the moment, though he	kept attention on his nose and ears in case something came up on
the camp:: <done. doesn't care if anyone watches>

Alicia Monterey: 	::her wolven features peer to Havoc, her mind connecting with his. :: (Havoc)  >> Behave, love - yer in tha company of male wolves - dunna forget. << :: a woof is delievered to JD and Talon, her own bag is picked up. The individual contents of 
each bag holds a small tool kit, first kit and pen flash lights.   she takes off behind Jill, her clawed paws quickly moving from the camp.:: 

Jillian Craft: 	::She turns back and bounds into the clearing, dragging her own personal pack over to JD.:: (JD)>>Hook the strap over my head, please.<< (Sorry, she
never goes anywhere without that pack and she'll need what's in it to get to Beth.::)

HAVOC 5: 	(Ali)>>I'm behavin', I'm behavin'.<< ::Just... remains put and stuff, as told::

S Dagenar: 	::er. my turn now? will crouch down beside Jill, fishing for the pack's straps with a thin smile:: Sure thin', Jill. ::practice, practice. even manages to
get them on without strangling her on the first try::

Thea Ulric: 	::Yeah, silverish grey direwolf trots out of the woods. Still with Thea's glasses fixed on her nose and she heads over and picks up one black bag carefuly
between her teeth. Nudges a wolfish E to do the same::

Alicia Monterey: 	::guesses didn't follow Jill out of camp, so will kinda jump into limbo til next turn, while mun goes afk. sorry. :: 

HAVOC 5: 	::Just watches everyone do there thing, still sorta unsure exactly what is
going on for the moment, knee's still pulled up to his chest, arms draping over them::

Jillian Craft: 	(JD)>>Thank ya, mate.<< ::And bounds past Ali, nose to the trail and pack bouncing around her neck. It was amazing how strong Bethy's scent was around
here, almost driving her mad she seemed so close, and following the path, her heart raced as she thought, I'm comin', Beth. Hold on a little longa, luv. We're comin'.::

S Dagenar: 	::goes back to his semi-trance, if Talon's chattering, he's not getting an audience out of JD. hrm:: <done>

Thea Ulric: 	::Eyes flairing with the sudden movement of her pack mates. She
lifts snout and makes a muffled howl, starting after Jilly wolf, E not far behind.::

Dr Beth Angel: 	:: The trail narrows and the slowly widdens into aother clearing, to small to really call it that, but it quickly narrows again a few feet and the trees
thin a little. One trail connecting with another and another, Almost like veins running over the earth. Each path leading into another direction::

Alicia Monterey: 	::the pace gets faster and faster . . . the wolf pack moves through the forest. <insert The Crow Soundtrack - Cut 1 - Burn>.   intent eyes set forward. her pup would be returned with the pack tonight.  Beth would be coming home.  Then someone
would pay - and pay with their life. :: 

Alicia Monterey: 	::Talon and Lynn. talk:: 

HAVOC 5: 	::He sighs softly, realizing that soon - hopefully - he would be one of them. One of the massive beasts. Azure gaze shifts over to JD once more, both brows
raising in curiousity:: So, we just wait here?

Jillian Craft: 	::She raced the moon toward Beth, faster and more fleet of..paw then she'd ever been before. she paused for only a blink of an eye as she came to each
path before her claws dug in and she began to run again down each correct path. The scenes flashed before her eyes like one of those 3-D Imax movies where  flying in a space ship or racing cars.::

S Dagenar: 	Yeah. 'Til they come back or call us. ::so he wasn't completely submerged into Zen with his senses:: Findin' th' girl oughtta be their moment, nah' ours. ::slender shoulders lift once in a shrug, and hadn't even glanced at Havoc to speak. Maybe insulting... heh::

Thea Ulric: 	::She ran, pushing all four legs behind her. Part of her mind marvling over the speed she could manage in this form. The other part of her mind drifted to
Chaya. Always to Chaya these days. 'We'll find Beth Chaya. You'll see..' Pushing harder, must keep up. 'I'll find Beth and then you'll come home and not leave me alone anymore....'::

Dr Beth Angel: 	:::: A clearing quickly coming on. Rather large and with a direct view of the road. Quiet yet reeking of death to an adept nose of a wolf. Rotting flesh buried or not would will burn the nose of most animals. Claw marks in the leaves.::

Alicia Monterey: 	::even without the extra senses of the what xp had to buy, Alicia *could* smell the death that blanketed this area like a shroud of darkness.  the bag is dropped as the she-wolf comes to a halt.  a low growl of warning is give to the pack. :: 

Jillian Craft: 	::The smell...good Lord the smell changed from Bethy to..something else. Something very bad. Azure began to water as she stopped a few feet in front of
Ali and looked back, a high pitched whine of fear ehcoing from her chest.::

S Dagenar: 	::lets JD zone out until they get back or call or something::

Thea Ulric: 	::She'd skitted to a stop there at Ali growled, howling again for a diffrent reason as the smell asulted her nose. Dropping her snout to the ground to cover with a paw and whine::

Alicia Monterey: 	::she brushes past Jill, her icy blue eyes locked on the spot in which the smell exudes from.  each step is cautious as she moves forward   nose to the ground, ears flattened back.    one deep sniff. whimper!  and with that she begins to dig. :: 

Jillian Craft: 	::She's a step behind and to Ali's side, the low whine in her throat getting louder and reaching to a howl as she frantically begins to dig at the ground throwing up large clods of grass and dirt over the smelly spot.::

Jillian Craft: 	::Thea and E follow suit, the four wolves digging for all they are worth as they whimper.::

Dr Beth Angel: 	:: 2 feet down flesh is found::

Alicia Monterey: 	::all will dig for the alotted amount of time it would take to get that far down.  each npc and ali covered in a clods of earth.  claws and paws bleeding from the  non stop digging to free their sister.: 

Dr Beth Angel: 	:: Hands staked over her head, feet driven into the ground, next to  the body is a sack of intestines and her things to wrapped in plastic::

Jillian Craft: 	::She shifts to human without thought, tears coursing down dirty cheeks as her hands continue to dig up handfuls of earth.:: Oh thank Gods we found ya...::She sobs, digging faster, a fingernail splitting off into the dirt without any pain registering to its owner.::

Alicia Monterey: 	::alicia moves back, her gaze locked upon the scene as the others drop their wolven forms to help Jilly push away the rest of the Earth.  all emotion leaves Alicia's features, only the slight twitch at the side of her mouth as E removes the
stakes from Beth's hands.  only the softest growl from Alicia's lips as Thea frees Beths feet.::

Jillian Craft: 	::She can show no further emotions in front of Thea and E, can only gingerly heft Beth from the hole onto the flat grass.::

Dr Beth Angel: 	::: Blood pouring from the freshly reopened wounds, her chest
failing to take in a breath.:

Alicia Monterey: 	::her own wolven form is shifted. but not into the human guise. instead her mind focuses in on the strength of her will over the beast. :: #horus
mastery#   

Jillian Craft: 	::Her head flies up to Ali.:: No! We need ya ta help her! I kinnea do it! Yer th' docta!

Alicia Monterey: 	(Jill)  >> She's nae breathing and I'm nae going ta be able ta get her breathing here - her throat is probably caked with mud.  Burn tha bags with body parts and gather her things, divide them  up between tha others and bring them back ta tha camp. <<  ::the towering Beast moves past the gawking E and Thea - both had at least
expected a growl?  a snarl?  a raging monster?  but instead were met with just the monstrous image as the Horus beast picked up the  prone body of her first cub.:: 

Dr Beth Angel: 	::hangs like a rag doll <g>::

Jillian Craft: 	(Ali)>>Burn 'em? Alright.<< ::She doesn't understand, but from her own pack a weather proof lighter.:: Thea, E, get me kindlin'..quick now. ::She also moves to the nearest trees and begins collecting dead branches and sticks, moving back fast to build a fire and hefting the entrail bag onto the flame and stepping back. More of the
nasty rotting stench fills the air as Thea and E toss the piles onto the flames. She hands both a few things.:: Change back ta wolves and follow Ali back ta the camp. I'll be along when this is done. Go. 

Alicia Monterey: 	(Jill)  >>  Look over this place with a fine tooth comb - bring me back anything that looks like it could link us to who did this.  Dunna forget tha bag I brought when ye come - leave nothing to trace back ta us. <<  ::and with that the Beast,
craddling the form of her first, moves back through the woods towards the others. both too striken for words,  in between a mixture of anger, sorrow, relief  - E and thea do
as they were told.:: 

Jillian Craft: 	::A nod is given as she drops to her knees to begin searching by the flames of the firelight in ever widening circles, her hands sifting through the grass.::

Alicia Monterey: 	::and will return to the campsite.  the pups trailing in behind her.:: 

Jillian Craft: 	::Does the whole gig, buries the fire once it burns down, changes to wolfie, follows back to camp with said bag in her teeth.::

S Dagenar: 	::oh, a calm horus again. will just jerk to his feet, watching, crosses himself much like the time with the talking one, but, somehow, he refrains from muttering the words along with it. dark eyes fall to the girl in the horus's arms. well, at least she didn't look like  there was a bullet hole to the head. the mun thinks, anyway::

Dr Beth Angel: 	(Nope but she is nude)

Dr Beth Angel: 	:: Her body had been battered and abused, cut and shredded,
gutted and carved, yet the Healing powers of Luna had healed the wounds a few scars
remain from fire, heated steal. Her body , rapped and pillaged and then staked into the
shalow grave. Her feet bleeding from from the stakes as well as her hands, staked right through the palms. Her long black hair knotted and filled with mud and clots of blood, her blood. 

Alicia Monterey: 	::lynn moves over as the Alicia Beast lays the body down in the center of the clearning.  Oh the doctor had not been lax in the time that she had stayed in the clearning with the men.  The first aid kits are ready and she begins to examine the body.  each finding, is a horror to Lynn's eyes. :: 

Jillian Craft: 	::Leaving no trace of any of them behind of course. She drops the small bag and her own pack quickly shifting back to human and rummaging in her bag to
find a pair of shorts and a t-shirt, quickly slipping into them.::

S Dagenar: 	::will repeat the crossing motions and drop back into his crouch beside Havoc. if the vampire thinks about moving, he's going to be held down by a hand on his shoulder::

Alicia Monterey: 	::  the sight is too much - the rage that they youngest pup has built up inside of her busts free.  the sight of the torture done to Beth's body simply pushes E past the line of rational thought.  A snarl is given to E, Alicia's bestial mouth opens and a roar is issued as a clawed talon points to the shifting monster before her.:: #Tame the Beast# 

Jillian Craft: 	::Loves Ali's cool masteries and will drop to her knees several feet from Lynn working on Bethy, azure watching widely. Her gaze lifts and as much as she dislikes the woman, will move to E's side and pull her close, whispering softly to sooth her.::

S Dagenar: 	::he simply watches, jaw tightened against the roar, and continues keeping ol' Havy right where he is. not really their place to interfere. he...really...had to learn that trick with the controled horus::

Alicia Monterey: 	::the horus's head snaps back to continue it's intent stare upon Lynn as she worked.  seething and boiling with rage.  She hated doing that, removing the wolf and leaving E without the connection to the moon - but it *had* to be done.  Thea moves next to Jill and E, her wolven form coming to a rest at the women's feet.  even Talon is quiet at  this tense and sorrowfilled moment.:: 

Dr Beth Angel: 	:: Talong quiet, now that's saying something... Her lungs cleared and quickly filled with air, her chest quickly remembering the it's beat and movement returns to the small 5'2 frame.:::

Jillian Craft: 	::Her free arm goes around Thea wolf's neck, pulling both girl and wolf closer to her for not only thier comfort but her own as well as she watched, her posture straightening as Beth gasped, azure going wide.::

S Dagenar: 	::blue-violet eyes lift to Ali-beast, raising one dark brow while he shuts the still-high Havoc up with a well-timed, and weak, blow to the back of the head. one might think he'd done this before. now, if this was like the talking white one...:: (Ali) >> Congratulations.<<

Alicia Monterey: 	::the beasts head  is tossed back, a long gutteral howl is given.  oh Congradulations indeed.  the Beast's voice rises urging the others to join. thea's howl, in tha form of the wolf rung out.  followed by the human vocal cords of Lynn. still feeling the shock of the loss of her wolf - and prolly very pissy with Ali right now
- E joined in her human voice cracked with emotion as tribute was paid to her Sister's
Return.::   ::will wait til after Jilly goes to complete the pack howl before Talon will join in.:: 

Jillian Craft: 	::Her own howl is given from her human form, her strong voice rising with the others as her head tilts back, tears tumbling down her cheeks.::

S Dagenar: 	::and maybe not... the howl startles him, loosening his grip on Havoc for a moment before he tightens it again and keeps the vampire from doing something stupid. he didn't join in::

Alicia Monterey: 	::hhmmm .. maybe talon wouldn't either?  will have to ask mun then. <G> :: 

Alicia Monterey: 	(Okay then . . for the record  - we'll take her back to Voletta and Ali will give Wolf a call.  We'll take Beth to the lab and get her all set up there for recovery. ?? )) 

Dr Beth Angel: 	She will fight anything else

Alicia Monterey: 	( Very good!  Welcome Back Bethy!!) 

